every night brings death and destruction
but this night is
different cut off from the outside world
with phone and internet lines down the
unrelenting strikes and the Amber fires
haunt the Gaza
Skyline already plunged Into Darkness
now Palestinians cannot communicate with
each other or the Emergency
[Applause]
Services the calls for help go
unanswered
now now a catastrophe added to the
crisis the Palestinians are going
through with a complete blackout means
we don't know what's going on nobody
knows not the Medics we have lost total
communication between alaxa hospital and
the Ministry of Health we call on the
world for a quick solution to intervene
and stop this
massacre Palestinians can see the
strikes raining down on them a
population already struggling with a
lack of food water and electricity some
fear worse is yet to come
there's difficulty in disseminating the
picture of what's happening in the north
of the Gaza Strip that's resulted in us
not being able to show the massacre that
is taking place right now by the Israeli
occupiers there are massacres taking
place in Northern
Gaza as you can hear another attack next
to the Indonesian
hospital and now another attack across
from the Indonesian Hospital the Israeli
Army says they will be expanding ground
operations an eyewitness captures the
sound of clashes between the Israeli
Army and Hamas fighters in Northern
Gaza and Hamas is still able to fire
Rockets towards Israel and what they say
are anti-tank
missiles for the population of Gaza the
warning that follows is when they assess
the
damage at dawn a heavy fog hung over the
strip and it appeared the fighting
hadn't stopped
Assad bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer